In this section of the Course will learn about variables and constants.
It's virtually impossible to write a C++ program without using variables.
Variables are a fundamental concept in programming languages.
First we're learned variables are in how to declare them so we can use them.
There are rules for how we name our variables and there are also styled issues to discuss as we go along.
Then we'll go over some of the primitive types in C++ such as integers floating point numbers booleans
and characters.
We'll also learn how to determine how much storage is allocated to variables by using the size of operator.
Then we'll add about constants what they are and what they're used and why they're so important to keeping
our code correct and modifiable.
We learn how to declare and use constants understand literals and constant expressions.
This section is very straightforward and easy to understand.
However the concepts you'll learn in this section serve as fundamental building blocks in C++ programming
since nearly every program you write will have variables and constants get started.